LIVE OWNER DASHBOARD — NETLIFY DEPLOYMENT

The owner dashboard now retrieves new Netlify Forms submissions automatically.
It refreshes every 15 seconds and can also be refreshed manually.

IMPORTANT
Do not drag only the dist folder into Netlify Drop. Drag-and-drop does not build
the protected Netlify Function used by the dashboard. Deploy the extracted
project through a connected Git repository or Netlify CLI.

ONE-TIME NETLIFY SETTINGS

1. Find the Site ID (now labelled Project ID in the Netlify interface):
   - Open the surveyahp project.
   - Select Project configuration > General > Project details.
   - Under Project information, copy Project ID.
   - This UUID-like value is the same identifier that Netlify documentation
     calls site_id, Site ID or NETLIFY_SITE_ID. Do not use the project name,
     deploy ID, form ID or surveyahp.netlify.app URL.
2. Create the access token:
   - Select your profile/avatar > User settings > Applications.
   - Under Personal access tokens, select New access token.
   - Give it a descriptive name such as surveyahp-owner-dashboard.
   - Select an appropriate expiration date, generate it and copy it immediately.
     Netlify will not display the full value again.
3. Open the surveyahp project and select Project configuration > Environment variables.
4. Add NETLIFY_SITE_ID and paste the Project ID as its value.
5. Add NETLIFY_ACCESS_TOKEN and paste the personal access token as its value.
   Mark the token secret/sensitive. Never prefix it with Bearer and do not add
   quotation marks; the server-side function adds the Authorization header.
6. Set the variables for Production, or for all deploy contexts if preferred.
7. Trigger a fresh production deployment so the function receives the variables.
8. Ensure the invited account has the owner role in Identity.
9. Ensure Forms detection is enabled and the form ahp-survey is listed.

DEPLOY WITH NETLIFY CLI

1. Extract this ZIP.
2. Open a terminal in the extracted kobo-ahp-web-survey folder.
3. Run: npm install
4. Run: npm run build
5. Run: npx netlify-cli login
6. Run: npx netlify-cli link
7. Choose the existing surveyahp site when prompted.
8. Run: npx netlify-cli deploy --prod

TEST

1. Submit one pilot questionnaire.
2. Sign in at https://surveyahp.netlify.app/login.html.
3. Open https://surveyahp.netlify.app/owner/.
4. The response should appear automatically within 15 seconds.

VERIFY FORM FIELD DETECTION

After deploying, open Forms > ahp-survey and inspect the detected fields. The
form should include respondent_code, stakeholder_group, responses_json,
weights_json, cr_json, submitted_at and submission_id. Submit a pilot response
and confirm that these fields contain values.

If Netlify creates a submission with no field values, the form event reached
Netlify but the deployed field schema was stale or did not match the posted
payload. Do the following:

1. Confirm Forms > Form detection is enabled.
2. Redeploy this complete updated project after enabling detection.
3. Confirm the production deploy includes dist/index.html, not an older ZIP.
4. Open Forms > ahp-survey and check that the fields listed above are detected.
5. Delete or disregard the earlier empty pilot record; it cannot be repaired
   because it contains no captured answers.

SECURITY

Never put NETLIFY_ACCESS_TOKEN in app.js, owner.js, HTML, or any public file.
The supplied function checks the signed-in user's owner role before returning data.
